README.md, before:

# CI-project4

Welcome to bite bait. A website designed to act as a booking system for a restaurant called bite bait.

View bite bait [here!](https://ci-project4-django-c7dcfccbb88c.herokuapp.com/)

## contents
1. [Unfinished parts](#unfinished-parts)
2. [Features](#features)
3. [Installation](#installation)
4. [Usage](#usage)
5. [Code Structure](#structure)
6. [UX](#ux)
7. [Testing](#testing)
8. [Bugs](#bugs)
9. [Deployment](#deployment)
10. [User Stories](#user-stories)
11. [Design](#design)
12. [Sources and credits](#sources-and-credits)
13. [Contributing](#contribute)
14. [Contact](#contact)
## Please note
There is a personal CI Database issue with connecting my application to the CI database issue which started again on the 16/07/2024 and there was not enough time to debug and fix the issue (This Was out of my control!) So i want you to bare this in mind when you assess this project.

In both my env.py and heroku config vars, the DATABASE_URL are both the same (but for safety reasons i won't share this on this readme file!).
Also, I know that sqlite3 won't work for submission so i can't switch to that to submit this application
## unfinished parts
This section is to talk about the parts of bite bait i have built but not had time to test as well as link back to the main part.
The main parts that i have not had enough time to add are the deleting bookings as well as editing bookings and deleting account details.
all of the main forms are done but the signup form does not send data to the /admin site
The Styling on the logout, page is not done as i would not have enough time. (booking styles is part done)
I have a little bit of code done for the automated testing as seen in backgroundcode/test_forms.py but i don't have enough code done for the tests.py files
## Features
This section talks about the future features and features i have not had a chance to implement.
### Future features
Some of the potential future features i would like to include:
 - Ability to cancel reservations
 - Ability to add extra information i.e. allergies, dietry requirements etc.
 - Ability to see the menu of bite bait
 - Ability to edit the booking (change amount of guests or time)
 - Ability to delete their account
### unadded features
Some of the unadded features i have not had enough time to implement:
- Styling for logout
- Styling for signup
- Confirmation popup for when user made a booking
## Installation
- This section details the basic views of how to install the different parts of the application such as django, gunicorn and the PostgresSQL database.
### Install Django
- To install Django, you first have to open your IDE (this will be shown in gitpod)
- Then you click on the [terminal](backgroundcode/static/backgroundcode/images/terminal.png)
    - or you click on the 3 bars in the top left hand of the screen
    - Then you click on terminal
    - finally new terminal
- Once you are in the terminal you type "pip3 install Djang~=4.2.1"
- Click enter then you will have Django installed
### Install PostgresSQL Database
**This is for current Code institute Students only!**
- The Postgres database can be installed for Code Institute Students only by heading to this [link](https://dbs.ci-dbs.net/)
- Then inputting the email you use to sign into the LMS (Dashboard) on Code Institute (CI)
- Then you should recieve an email saying the database is created as well as the details for it
- Finally you can add it to your project the same way as when ElephantSQL was working
### Install packages
 - To install the required packages you open the terminal
 ![terminal](backgroundcode/static/backgroundcode/images/terminal.png)
 - Then you type pip3 install <Name> (<name> is name of package)
 - If you need a required version you can type in the version after the name of the package (Like 20.1.0 for gunicorn)
## Usage
To make a booking,
1. Open the website
2. if you have not already you should sign in or signup
3. If you have already signed in you click on create booking
4. You then enter your details,
5. You then click submit
6. You should see a popup to say "Booking made!"
## Code Structure
- This section details as to how the code is structured and how to get this structure.
### Make structure
- To make this Structure, you first have to install [Django](#installation)
    - Then you type into the terminal "pip3 freeze local > requirements.txt"
- After that you type into the terminal "django-admin startproject codestar ." (Replace codestar with the name of your project)
- You then create the new app by typing into the terminal "python3 manage.py startapp blog"
- Then under codestar (the project name) you open up settings.py
    - Then you append 'blog', into the bottom of the installed apps list
    - Afterwards in views.py you need to type in "from django.http import HttpResponse" then "def my_blog(request): return HttpResponse("Hello, Blog!")" This is used as a test to make sure the project works.
    - In codestar/urls.py, you then have to type "from blog.views import my_blog"
    - There should be a bit of the urls.py called urlpatterns, in there you append "path('blog/', my_blog, name='blog'),"
- Then you can check the project runs by typing "python manage.py runserver"
    - open the preview in a new tab then append /blog to the end of the url
- If you have completed all of the above, then you should see "Hello, Blog!" on your screen.
### How code is structured
This list is an example of what the applications file structure should look like.
CI-Project-name/
    codestar/
        __init__.py
        settings.py
        urls.py
        wsgi.py
        asgi.py
    blog/
        migrations/
            __init__.py
        __init__.py
        admin.py
        apps.py
        models.py
        tests.py
        views.py
    requirements.txt
    manage.py
Here is a brief overview of each part
- **manage.py**: A command-line utility that lets you interact with this Django project.
- **codestar/**: The project directory containing the project settings and configuration files.
  - **__init__.py**: An empty file that tells Python that this directory should be considered a package.
  - **settings.py**: The settings/configuration for this Django project.
  - **urls.py**: The URL declarations for this Django project; a "table of contents" of your Django-powered site.
  - **wsgi.py**: An entry-point for WSGI-compatible web servers to serve your project.
  - **asgi.py**: An entry-point for ASGI-compatible web servers to serve your project.
- **blog/**: The application directory.
  - **migrations/**: A directory that will store database migrations for this app.
  - **__init__.py**: An empty file that tells Python that this directory should be considered a package.
  - **admin.py**: A file to register models for the Django admin.
  - **apps.py**: A file that contains the configuration for the app.
  - **models.py**: A file to define the data models of the application.
  - **tests.py**: A file to define tests for the application.
  - **views.py**: A file to define views for the application.
- **requirements.txt**: A file listing the dependencies of the project.
## UX
This section tells us what the goals for bite bait are.
### Site Goals
Bite bait wants to attract users to be able to book a reservation at their restaurant with the potential addition of a menu to be available aswell in due course.
## Testing
 This Section is all about the testing of Bite bait. From testing that they work on different browsers to manual and automated testing.
### Browser testing
Bite Bait has been extensively tested on various web browsers including edge, chrome, safari, firefox
| Browser | Layout + Functionality |
|---------|------------------------|
| Chrome  | ✔                      |
| Firefox | ✔                      |
| Safari  | ✔                      |
| Ecosia  | ✔                      |
| Edge    | ✔                      |
### Manual Testing
- checked for login to work (Before 14/07/2024 CI database error)
- Checked for site to load (Before 14/07/2024 CI database error)
### Automated Testing
I have only started to code the automated tests on the 13/07/2024 but because of the CI Database error, i will not be able to test all of bite bait especially the settings.py file.
## Bugs
 This section is all about the annoying bugs which i either did fix or i did not have enough time to fix.
### Unfixed Bugs
There are no bugs in the application as it has been tested thoroughly.
### Fixed Bugs
 - At the very start of building this site for bite bait, i kept on encountering an error 500 as i was following along with the "i think therefore i blog" module on the Code Institute LMS which was caused by me forgetting to rename a part of one of the files to match up with bite bait.
 - i also encountered an internal server error on heroku which i checked the heroku dashboard, it came up in heroku logs that i had a h10 error (app crashed!). I used this youtube link and it helped fix the h10 and internal server [error.](https://youtu.be/68iCwSmSIvA?si=o3vwrcSVMWwiU9Xl)
 - Recently there was an error 403 when i appended /admin in my browser which was caused by not having the local host preview in the CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS section of my settings.py file which is now fixed
 - between the 14th and 15th of july 2024, there was an issue with the CI database crashed but it has now been resolved.
## Deployment
Bite Bait was deployed via Heroku following these steps:
1. Create requirements.txt.
2. Push to GitHub.
3. Sign up/login to Heroku.
4. Create a new app.
5. Set up configuration variables.
6. Connect GitHub repository.
7. Choose deployment method (manual or automatic).
8. Wait for Heroku to build the application.
9. Open the app and enjoy!
## User Stories
This section is about making user stories and just in general talking about them.
### Make user stories
In order to make a user story we first must make a project board.
 - Firstly, head over to GitHub and create a new repository. (name it something like django-blog)
 - In your repository, click on the Projects tab and click Link a project, then select Create new project from the dropdown that appears.
 -  Select the Board template and then rename the new board by clicking on the project name. Finally click Create. (Give it a sensible name)
 - Click on Workflows in the options menu (...).
 - Choose Item added to project and then click Edit.
 - Click the issue, pull request dropdown and unselect pull request. This step defines the item added as an issue.
 - Set the value of an item in the project to Status: Todo. Then click Save and turn on workflow.
 - Exit the workflows menu.
 - From the options menu (...), open Settings.
 - This board is private by default. In Settings > Danger Zone, you can set visibility to Public.
    (Note this must be public in order to submit project **For CI Students**)
You can create a user story template if you have not before.
- Return to the blog repo and click on Settings.
- Create a user stories template just as we did in the Agile section of the course. Scroll to Features, and within Issues, click Set up templates.
- Choose to add a Custom template.
- Preview a custom issue template for edit.
- Click the pen icon to edit.
- Edit the custom template using the same boilerplate markdown we used previously.
    Give it a descriptive template name and briefly explain the purpose in About.
    (As a **role** I can **capability** so that **received benefit**
    - Acceptance criteria 1
    - Acceptance criteria 2
    - Acceptance criteria 3)
- Click Propose changes, then add a commit message and commit the changes.
Now that we have a project board set up, we can make the user stories.
 - Click on Issues then New issue.
 -  Click on Get started to use your user story template.
 - Use the user stories template and fill in the missing steps of the story.
    (Title - "View paginated list of posts".
    Content - "As a site user, I can view a paginated list of posts so that I can select which post I want to view."
    AC1 - "Given more than one post in the database, these multiple posts are listed."
    AC2 - "When a user opens the main page a list of posts is seen."
    AC3 - "Then the user sees all post titles with pagination to choose what to read.")
 -  On the right-hand side click on Projects, and then select your user stories project to add the story to.
 - Click Submit new issue.
 - Go to the Projects tab and click on the user stories Kanban board to see the user story in the Todo list.
 - Finally you repeat for all of the user stories that are needed.
### Talk about user stories
User stories are great to simplify and organise the tasks that are needed to be done for projects or different applications such as bite bait. They can however, take a chunk of project time away from development so in between future projects i would like to develop a script to help automate the creation of user stories in github projects.
## Design
Bite bait was designed as a booking system for a restaurant to streamline their booking process.
### Wireframe Design
The wireframe design was done via [wireframe.cc](https://wireframe.cc/)
![Wireframe-view](backgroundcode/static/backgroundcode/images/readme-images/wireframe-main.png)
### ERD Design
The Entity Relationship Design was done via [dbdiagram.io](https://dbdiagram.io/home)
![image](backgroundcode/static/backgroundcode/images/readme-images/ERD_overview.png)
To explain the image.
 - One user can have many bookings
 - One user can have many profiles (if they forget their email, lost their email etc.)
## Sources and Credits
 This section is all about the help i got from links, people, my mentor as well as the links to what i used to help my project.
### Sources
- The fonts were generated by google [fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- The main structure of the code was followed from Code Institutes I think therefore i blog module on their 5 project course.
- Code institutes github account who i checked my code with when i thought i missed a [step.](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/blog)
- Youtube for when i had an error 500 and a heroku h10 error.
    - h10 error [video!](https://youtu.be/68iCwSmSIvA?si=1ZuDBlHXPwnbr9Au)
- Unsplash for the main photo for [bite bait](https://unsplash.com/photos/brown-and-gray-concrete-store-nmpW_WwwVSc)
- CI 5 project 'i think therefore i blog' section 'User stories in github projects' module to help me explain how to make a user story.
### Credits
 - My mentor Spencer Barribal for always providing advice and improvements that i can add to Bite bait
 - One of my old college projects for being a reliable source of information and reminding me on how to do certain parts of the design (like the entity relationship diagrams) aswell as part of the development in python.
 - My fellow peers and friends for giving me the motivation to finish this project when i have suffered with imposter syndrome
 - John from the code institute Tutor team for helping me solve an issue with error 500.
 - Other coworkers/ residents where i work at supporting me in getting this project done
 - The Code Institute 'i think therefore i blog' module on the 5 project course to be able to get the structure of the application and the create user stories section of the readme file.
## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:
 - when i say feature i mean what you are calling your branch (step 2), and what you are commiting aswell as pushing (steps 4 and 5)
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/YourFeature`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/YourFeature`).
6. Open a pull request.
7. Wait for pull request to be looked at by me.
8. If its okay then i'll approve it but if there is any potential improvements then i'll comment on it.
## Contact
 - If you have any suggestions or questions then feel free to reach out
 [Github](https://www.github.com/creepersguitar)
 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/george-small-055151204)

Commit message:

redone unfixed bugs for current error 500 issue on db connection

README.md, after:

# CI-project4

Welcome to bite bait. A website designed to act as a booking system for a restaurant called bite bait.

View bite bait [here!](https://ci-project4-django-c7dcfccbb88c.herokuapp.com/)

## contents
1. [Unfinished parts](#unfinished-parts)
2. [Features](#features)
3. [Installation](#installation)
4. [Usage](#usage)
5. [Code Structure](#structure)
6. [UX](#ux)
7. [Testing](#testing)
8. [Bugs](#bugs)
9. [Deployment](#deployment)
10. [User Stories](#user-stories)
11. [Design](#design)
12. [Sources and credits](#sources-and-credits)
13. [Contributing](#contribute)
14. [Contact](#contact)
## Please note
There is a personal CI Database issue with connecting my application to the CI database issue which started again on the 16/07/2024 and there was not enough time to debug and fix the issue (This Was out of my control!) So i want you to bare this in mind when you assess this project.

In both my env.py and heroku config vars, the DATABASE_URL are both the same (but for safety reasons i won't share this on this readme file!).
Also, I know that sqlite3 won't work for submission so i can't switch to that to submit this application
## unfinished parts
This section is to talk about the parts of bite bait i have built but not had time to test as well as link back to the main part.
The main parts that i have not had enough time to add are the deleting bookings as well as editing bookings and deleting account details.
all of the main forms are done but the signup form does not send data to the /admin site
The Styling on the logout, page is not done as i would not have enough time. (booking styles is part done)
I have a little bit of code done for the automated testing as seen in backgroundcode/test_forms.py but i don't have enough code done for the tests.py files and also because the CI database was being faulty.
## Features
This section talks about the future features and features i have not had a chance to implement.
### Future features
Some of the potential future features i would like to include:
 - Ability to cancel reservations
 - Ability to add extra information i.e. allergies, dietry requirements etc.
 - Ability to see the menu of bite bait
 - Ability to edit the booking (change amount of guests or time)
 - Ability to delete their account
### unadded features
Some of the unadded features i have not had enough time to implement:
- Styling for logout
- Styling for signup
- Confirmation popup for when user made a booking
## Installation
- This section details the basic views of how to install the different parts of the application such as django, gunicorn and the PostgresSQL database.
### Install Django
- To install Django, you first have to open your IDE (this will be shown in gitpod)
- Then you click on the [terminal](backgroundcode/static/backgroundcode/images/terminal.png)
    - or you click on the 3 bars in the top left hand of the screen
    - Then you click on terminal
    - finally new terminal
- Once you are in the terminal you type "pip3 install Djang~=4.2.1"
- Click enter then you will have Django installed
### Install PostgresSQL Database
**This is for current Code institute Students only!**
- The Postgres database can be installed for Code Institute Students only by heading to this [link](https://dbs.ci-dbs.net/)
- Then inputting the email you use to sign into the LMS (Dashboard) on Code Institute (CI)
- Then you should recieve an email saying the database is created as well as the details for it
- Finally you can add it to your project the same way as when ElephantSQL was working
### Install packages
 - To install the required packages you open the terminal
 ![terminal](backgroundcode/static/backgroundcode/images/terminal.png)
 - Then you type pip3 install <Name> (<name> is name of package)
 - If you need a required version you can type in the version after the name of the package (Like 20.1.0 for gunicorn)
## Usage
To make a booking,
1. Open the website
2. if you have not already you should sign in or signup
3. If you have already signed in you click on create booking
4. You then enter your details,
5. You then click submit
6. You should see a popup to say "Booking made!"
## Code Structure
- This section details as to how the code is structured and how to get this structure.
### Make structure
- To make this Structure, you first have to install [Django](#installation)
    - Then you type into the terminal "pip3 freeze local > requirements.txt"
- After that you type into the terminal "django-admin startproject codestar ." (Replace codestar with the name of your project)
- You then create the new app by typing into the terminal "python3 manage.py startapp blog"
- Then under codestar (the project name) you open up settings.py
    - Then you append 'blog', into the bottom of the installed apps list
    - Afterwards in views.py you need to type in "from django.http import HttpResponse" then "def my_blog(request): return HttpResponse("Hello, Blog!")" This is used as a test to make sure the project works.
    - In codestar/urls.py, you then have to type "from blog.views import my_blog"
    - There should be a bit of the urls.py called urlpatterns, in there you append "path('blog/', my_blog, name='blog'),"
- Then you can check the project runs by typing "python manage.py runserver"
    - open the preview in a new tab then append /blog to the end of the url
- If you have completed all of the above, then you should see "Hello, Blog!" on your screen.
### How code is structured
This list is an example of what the applications file structure should look like.
CI-Project-name/
    codestar/
        __init__.py
        settings.py
        urls.py
        wsgi.py
        asgi.py
    blog/
        migrations/
            __init__.py
        __init__.py
        admin.py
        apps.py
        models.py
        tests.py
        views.py
    requirements.txt
    manage.py
Here is a brief overview of each part
- **manage.py**: A command-line utility that lets you interact with this Django project.
- **codestar/**: The project directory containing the project settings and configuration files.
  - **__init__.py**: An empty file that tells Python that this directory should be considered a package.
  - **settings.py**: The settings/configuration for this Django project.
  - **urls.py**: The URL declarations for this Django project; a "table of contents" of your Django-powered site.
  - **wsgi.py**: An entry-point for WSGI-compatible web servers to serve your project.
  - **asgi.py**: An entry-point for ASGI-compatible web servers to serve your project.
- **blog/**: The application directory.
  - **migrations/**: A directory that will store database migrations for this app.
  - **__init__.py**: An empty file that tells Python that this directory should be considered a package.
  - **admin.py**: A file to register models for the Django admin.
  - **apps.py**: A file that contains the configuration for the app.
  - **models.py**: A file to define the data models of the application.
  - **tests.py**: A file to define tests for the application.
  - **views.py**: A file to define views for the application.
- **requirements.txt**: A file listing the dependencies of the project.
## UX
This section tells us what the goals for bite bait are.
### Site Goals
Bite bait wants to attract users to be able to book a reservation at their restaurant with the potential addition of a menu to be available aswell in due course.
## Testing
 This Section is all about the testing of Bite bait. From testing that they work on different browsers to manual and automated testing.
### Browser testing
Bite Bait has been extensively tested on various web browsers including edge, chrome, safari, firefox
| Browser | Layout + Functionality |
|---------|------------------------|
| Chrome  | ✔                      |
| Firefox | ✔                      |
| Safari  | ✔                      |
| Ecosia  | ✔                      |
| Edge    | ✔                      |
### Manual Testing
- checked for login to work (Before 14/07/2024 CI database error)
- Checked for site to load (Before 14/07/2024 CI database error)
### Automated Testing
I have only started to code the automated tests on the 13/07/2024 but because of the CI Database error, i will not be able to test all of bite bait especially the settings.py file.
## Bugs
 This section is all about the annoying bugs which i either did fix or i did not have enough time to fix.
### Unfixed Bugs
The only bug currently as of 16/7/24 is the database is not connection for this application but it is for other students.
### Fixed Bugs
 - At the very start of building this site for bite bait, i kept on encountering an error 500 as i was following along with the "i think therefore i blog" module on the Code Institute LMS which was caused by me forgetting to rename a part of one of the files to match up with bite bait.
 - i also encountered an internal server error on heroku which i checked the heroku dashboard, it came up in heroku logs that i had a h10 error (app crashed!). I used this youtube link and it helped fix the h10 and internal server [error.](https://youtu.be/68iCwSmSIvA?si=o3vwrcSVMWwiU9Xl)
 - Recently there was an error 403 when i appended /admin in my browser which was caused by not having the local host preview in the CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS section of my settings.py file which is now fixed
 - between the 14th and 15th of july 2024, there was an issue with the CI database crashed but it has now been resolved.
## Deployment
Bite Bait was deployed via Heroku following these steps:
1. Create requirements.txt.
2. Push to GitHub.
3. Sign up/login to Heroku.
4. Create a new app.
5. Set up configuration variables.
6. Connect GitHub repository.
7. Choose deployment method (manual or automatic).
8. Wait for Heroku to build the application.
9. Open the app and enjoy!
## User Stories
This section is about making user stories and just in general talking about them.
### Make user stories
In order to make a user story we first must make a project board.
 - Firstly, head over to GitHub and create a new repository. (name it something like django-blog)
 - In your repository, click on the Projects tab and click Link a project, then select Create new project from the dropdown that appears.
 -  Select the Board template and then rename the new board by clicking on the project name. Finally click Create. (Give it a sensible name)
 - Click on Workflows in the options menu (...).
 - Choose Item added to project and then click Edit.
 - Click the issue, pull request dropdown and unselect pull request. This step defines the item added as an issue.
 - Set the value of an item in the project to Status: Todo. Then click Save and turn on workflow.
 - Exit the workflows menu.
 - From the options menu (...), open Settings.
 - This board is private by default. In Settings > Danger Zone, you can set visibility to Public.
    (Note this must be public in order to submit project **For CI Students**)
You can create a user story template if you have not before.
- Return to the blog repo and click on Settings.
- Create a user stories template just as we did in the Agile section of the course. Scroll to Features, and within Issues, click Set up templates.
- Choose to add a Custom template.
- Preview a custom issue template for edit.
- Click the pen icon to edit.
- Edit the custom template using the same boilerplate markdown we used previously.
    Give it a descriptive template name and briefly explain the purpose in About.
    (As a **role** I can **capability** so that **received benefit**
    - Acceptance criteria 1
    - Acceptance criteria 2
    - Acceptance criteria 3)
- Click Propose changes, then add a commit message and commit the changes.
Now that we have a project board set up, we can make the user stories.
 - Click on Issues then New issue.
 -  Click on Get started to use your user story template.
 - Use the user stories template and fill in the missing steps of the story.
    (Title - "View paginated list of posts".
    Content - "As a site user, I can view a paginated list of posts so that I can select which post I want to view."
    AC1 - "Given more than one post in the database, these multiple posts are listed."
    AC2 - "When a user opens the main page a list of posts is seen."
    AC3 - "Then the user sees all post titles with pagination to choose what to read.")
 -  On the right-hand side click on Projects, and then select your user stories project to add the story to.
 - Click Submit new issue.
 - Go to the Projects tab and click on the user stories Kanban board to see the user story in the Todo list.
 - Finally you repeat for all of the user stories that are needed.
### Talk about user stories
User stories are great to simplify and organise the tasks that are needed to be done for projects or different applications such as bite bait. They can however, take a chunk of project time away from development so in between future projects i would like to develop a script to help automate the creation of user stories in github projects.
## Design
Bite bait was designed as a booking system for a restaurant to streamline their booking process.
### Wireframe Design
The wireframe design was done via [wireframe.cc](https://wireframe.cc/)
![Wireframe-view](backgroundcode/static/backgroundcode/images/readme-images/wireframe-main.png)
### ERD Design
The Entity Relationship Design was done via [dbdiagram.io](https://dbdiagram.io/home)
![image](backgroundcode/static/backgroundcode/images/readme-images/ERD_overview.png)
To explain the image.
 - One user can have many bookings
 - One user can have many profiles (if they forget their email, lost their email etc.)
## Sources and Credits
 This section is all about the help i got from links, people, my mentor as well as the links to what i used to help my project.
### Sources
- The fonts were generated by google [fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- The main structure of the code was followed from Code Institutes I think therefore i blog module on their 5 project course.
- Code institutes github account who i checked my code with when i thought i missed a [step.](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/blog)
- Youtube for when i had an error 500 and a heroku h10 error.
    - h10 error [video!](https://youtu.be/68iCwSmSIvA?si=1ZuDBlHXPwnbr9Au)
- Unsplash for the main photo for [bite bait](https://unsplash.com/photos/brown-and-gray-concrete-store-nmpW_WwwVSc)
- CI 5 project 'i think therefore i blog' section 'User stories in github projects' module to help me explain how to make a user story.
### Credits
 - My mentor Spencer Barribal for always providing advice and improvements that i can add to Bite bait
 - One of my old college projects for being a reliable source of information and reminding me on how to do certain parts of the design (like the entity relationship diagrams) aswell as part of the development in python.
 - My fellow peers and friends for giving me the motivation to finish this project when i have suffered with imposter syndrome
 - John from the code institute Tutor team for helping me solve an issue with error 500.
 - Other coworkers/ residents where i work at supporting me in getting this project done
 - The Code Institute 'i think therefore i blog' module on the 5 project course to be able to get the structure of the application and the create user stories section of the readme file.
## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:
 - when i say feature i mean what you are calling your branch (step 2), and what you are commiting aswell as pushing (steps 4 and 5)
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/YourFeature`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/YourFeature`).
6. Open a pull request.
7. Wait for pull request to be looked at by me.
8. If its okay then i'll approve it but if there is any potential improvements then i'll comment on it.
## Contact
 - If you have any suggestions or questions then feel free to reach out
 [Github](https://www.github.com/creepersguitar)
 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/george-small-055151204)
