# CI-project4

Welcome to bite bait. A website designed to act as a booking system for a restaurant called bite bait.

View bite bait [here!](https://ci-project4-django-c7dcfccbb88c.herokuapp.com/)

## contents
1. [Design](#design)
2. [Features](#features)
3. [Installation](#installation)
4. [Usage](#usage)
5. [Code Structure](#structure)
6. [UX](#ux)
7. [Testing](#testing)
8. [Bugs](#bugs)
9. [Deployment](#deployment)
10. [User Stories](#user-stories)
11. [Sources and credits](#sources-and-credits)
12. [Contributing](#contribute)
13. [Contact](#contact)
## Design
## Features
## Installation
- This section details the basic views of how to install the different parts of the application such as django, gunicorn and the PostgresSQL database.
### Install Django
### Install PostgresSQL Database
**This is for current Code institute Students only!**
- The Postgres database can be installed for Code Institute Students only by heading to this [link](https://dbs.ci-dbs.net/)
- Then inputting the email you use to sign into the LMS (Dashboard) on Code Institute (CI)
- Then you should recieve an email saying the database is created as well as the details for it
- Finally you can add it to your project the same way as when ElephantSQL was working
### Install packages
 - To install the required packages you open the terminal
 - Then you type pip3 install <Name> (<name> is name of package)
 - If you need a required version you can type in the version after the name of the package (Like 20.1.0 for gunicorn)
## Usage
## Code Structure
## UX
## Testing
 This Section is all about the testing of Bite bait. From testing that they work on different browsers to manual and automated testing.
### Browser testing
### Manual Testing
### Automated Testing
## Bugs
 This section is all about the annoying bugs which i either did fix or i did not have enough time to fix.
### Unfixed Bugs
### Fixed Bugs
## Deployment
## User Stories
## Sources and Credits
 This section is all about the help i got from links, people, my mentor as well as the links to what i used to help my application.
### Sources
- The fonts were generated by google [fonts]()
### Credits
 - My mentor Spencer Barribal for always providing advice and improvements that i can add to Bite bait
 - One of my old college projects for being a reliable source of information and reminding me on how to do certain parts of the design (like the entity relationship diagrams) aswell as part of the development in python.
## Contributing
## Contact
 - If you have any suggestions or questions then feel free to reach out
 [Github](https://www.github.com/creepersguitar)
 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/george-small-055151204)